DAN: It's been over a year since we defeated Gundalia
in the battle for Neathia and the Sacred Orb.
Once we returned to Earth and rebuilt a mega Bakugan
Interspace the number of people accessing it
from around the world totally exploded!
DAN: Of course Drago and I are back in action, along
with our pals Marucho and his new partner Tristar;
and Shun who's rockin' the Battle Arena with Taylean.
DAN: The flood of new Battlers means we're up
against some crazy serious competition now!
This is Bakugan battling like you've never seen before...
DAN: ...but we're in it to win it!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[\u266a]
DAN: Aaaahhhh!
RAZENOID: I am you, and you are me!
DRAGO: Get away from us!
DRAGO: Haaaah!
[\u266a]
DAN: This is the end. Finish them Drago!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
ANUBIAS: [gasp]
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: [grunt]
DAN: [gasp]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in:
BakuNano Explosion.
MARUCHO: This is really bad, Shun.
That last battle with Dan and Drago was really out
of control.
MARUCHO: The battle arena got totally trashed.
It's a miracle that no one got seriously hurt or worse...
MARUCHO: ...and now that Dan and Drago have
disappeared it looks like they don't care.
MARUCHO: Word is spreading around Bakugan Interspace
and it isn't good.
Everyone thinks they created Mechtogan Zenthon as a
secret weapon and now they've been labeled as cheaters.
SHUN: It's useless. They're not coming.
MARUCHO: Dan promised he'd be here.
SHUN: Right.
MARUCHO: Let's give them a few more minutes.
We owe them at least that much.
SHUN: I'm done waiting.
MARUCHO: Whoa, Shun. Hold on.
SHUN: Dan wants to be alone so we let him be.
SHUN: Tough love time.
TAYLEAN: I hear what you're saying but,
are you sure you're right about this?
SHUN: Taylean time will tell.
TAYLEAN: Let's hope.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Alrighty battle fans!
As a prelude to the Bakugan Interspace
League's new season, it's time for today's main event.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Current League Champion
Anubias will face off against Calum and Gerald,
the Bash Brothers.
CALUM: You ready Gerald?
GERALD: Ya. You betcha Calum.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: I can't wait to see what
these two newbies have up their sleeves.
CALUM: Ability activate.
CALUM: Gild Gear!
CALUM: Yeeeeeaaah!
GERALD: Ability activate.
GERALD: Drain Impact!
[\u266a]
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Whoa! A consecutive attack,
right out of the gate.
These guys aren't fooling around, folks.
CALUM: Choke on that! GERALD: Choke on that!
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Wolfen Sheath!
GERALD: Are you kidding?
CALUM: [angry grunt]
CALUM: Let's see how he likes this then.
CALUM: Now Ziperator!
GERALD: Your turn, Spidaro.
GERALD: Let's see you come back from that one, Anubias.
CALUM: Never gonna happen.
ANUBIAS: Hah! Don't make me laugh.
ANUBIAS: Hit 'em hard!
ANUBIAS: Horridian!
[\u266a]
CALUM: What the heck is that?
ANUBIAS: BakuNano, Aeroblaze.
GERALD: BakuNano?
ANUBIAS: Hmmph.
ANUBIAS: Destroy! Show these punks no mercy.
CALUM: No way!
GERALD: He's so fast!
CALUM: Ability activate!
CALUM: Gild Gear!
GERALD: Ability activate.
GERALD: Drain Impact!
ANUBIAS: How pathetic.
ANUBIAS: You're so predictable!
[\u266a]
CALUM/GERALD: No way! [grunt, exertion reax]
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Absolutely, incredible!
Anubias, just made mince meat out of these two
opponents and reminded us all why he is the League Champion.
CALUM: No way! GERALD: No way!
ANUBIAS: Believe it, chumps.
ROBIN: Anubias, they don't even have the sense
to be embarrassed.
BEN: Those clowns just stank the joint up with
that epic fail.
ANUBIAS: Ready with your speech?
JACK: You bet just watch me go, boss.
JACK: Alright, everybody!
Time to listen up, because I've got an announcement to make.
You hear me?
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [shocked reax, oooohs and ahhhs]
JACK: We are Team Anubias and we...
JACK: ...want you to know that this season we will
be undefeated in the battle arena!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [shocked reax, oooohs and ahhhs]
ROBIN: It doesn't matter who you are!
If you're foolish enough to take us on, you're going down!
BEN: So remember that before you start flapping your lips.
1st GIRL: Whoa! Are they for real?
1st BOY: Of course! Anubias just smoked those two dudes!
ANUBIAS: These newbies are a waste of time.
ANUBIAS: Kuso is the only one who can give me what I need.
CALUM: That dude got lucky!
GERALD: Just wait, we'll show him who he's
really dealing with.
MAG MEL: Interesting.
I do believe I have found the next two soldiers who
can bring me exactly what I need.
MAG MEL: But first, they must pass my test and
prove themselves to me.
[\u266a]
1st BOY: The Bash Brothers got totally owned!
GERALD: [angry grunt] CALUM: [angry grunt]
GERALD: [gasp] CALUM: [gasp]
MAG MEL: Come here my children and see the
glorious gift that your new master is offering.
GERALD: Hmmm?
MAG MEL: Go forth with these Chaos Bakugan...
MAG MEL: ...battle any who oppose you and
bring me the spoils.
[\u266a]
TAYLEAN: Shun, I understand that you want
to give Dan and Drago their space, but why does
that mean that we have to avoid accessing Bakugan
Interspace ourselves?
SHUN: I know what you mean.
But the last place that I want to be, is the middle
of another battle, okay?
TAYLEAN: But how do we...
TRISTAR: Jackpot! Check it out. I told you it was them!
SHUN: Huh?
MARUCHO: Shun! Thank goodness we found you.
SHUN: What is it, Marucho?
MARUCHO: You've gotta come check this out.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [roaring cheers]
SHUN: [gasp]
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: The first battle of the
new season is now underway fans, and it looks like
it's going to be an intense one!
GERALD: Ability activate!
GERALD: Haste Fire!
BOY BATTLER #1: Jetro!
CALUM: Gerald! Let's do this.
GERALD: I'm with you, bud.
[\u266a]
CALUM: BakuNano Shoxrox. GERALD: BakuNano Shoxrox.
BOY BATTLER #1: [gasp] BOY BATTLER #2: [gasp]
CALUM: ...Destroy! GERALD: ...Destroy!
BOY BATTLER #2: Scaboid!
BOY BATTLER #1: Jetro!
[\u266a]
SHUN: What's happening here?
MARUCHO: The Bash Brothers are way more fierce than I remember.
Look, check it out.
[\u266a]
CALUM: Hahahaha!
GERALD: Those BakuNano sure pack a punch.
TRISTAR: What are those things?
TAYLEAN: Something that amplifies a Bakugan's
destructive powers.
BOY BATTLER #2: [angry grunt]
BOY BATTLER #1: We're toast, dude.
CALUM: You guys aren't done...
GERALD: ...until we say you're done!
[\u266a]
BOY BATTLER #2: No, no more, please!
BOY BATTLER #1: Stop it!
[\u266a]
BOY BATTLER #2: [groan]
BOY BATTLER #1: [angry grunt]
TAYLEAN: It's like...
SHUN: ...they're attacking for fun.
MARUCHO: [gasp]
DYLAN: I got the hook up you're looking for.
MARUCHO: [gasp] [angry grunt]
SHUN: Dylan!
DYLAN: Everyone's gonna have one of those
BakuNanos soon.
MARUCHO: And why should we care?
TAYLEAN: Yeah really.
DYLAN: Well let me tell ya.
DYLAN: A BakuNano dramatically increases a
Bakugan's power level and abilities, which means
it's the next \"must have\" gadget for every battler
in the know.
DYLAN: Team Anubias even used them to win
consecutive battles so you should. [grunt]
SHUN: Are you out of your mind?
Those things are dangerous in the hands of unskilled battlers.
DYLAN: Hey, take it easy. I didn't create the things.
I'm just a facilitator.
SHUN: What?
DYLAN: Whoa!
SHUN: Who's responsible for them, then?
DYLAN: I dunno. The Data for the upgrade just appeared
on the Bakugan Interpspace main server one day.
SHUN: [gasp]
DYLAN: I couldn't believe it either.
Why give it away for free?
Do you realize the kind of dough they could've made? Huh?
MARUCHO: Doesn't it make you suspicious, Dylan?
DYLAN: Not really. I mean, why care? Know what I mean?
DYLAN: Adding BakuNanos into the mix, has given
battling a new kind of wow factor.
DYLAN: Seriously, you guys.
All the cool kids are using them now.
Why don't you let me hook you up, huh?
What do you say? I could get you something by...
SHUN: We're not interested!
We don't battle to hurt people, got it?
DYLAN: Huh? Hah!
I seem to recall Dan and Drago causing some pretty
heavy damage last battle.
MARUCHO: [gasp]
DYLAN: People got really freaked out when Drago
started losing it like that.
They'd never seen that side of him before, but
afterward it kind of flipped a switch inside of them.
DYLAN: That level of danger only added to their excitement.
DYLAN: Now everyone wants to see crazy extreme
Bakugan Battles.
[\u266a]
ANUBIAS: We will remain undefeated, Horridian!
SHUN: We can't let these battles
get out of hand, Taylean!
DYLAN: That level of danger only added
to their excitement.
DYLAN: Now everyone wants to see crazy extreme
Bakugan Battles.
SHUN: [angry grunt]
SELLON: It seems the flowers of worry are in
bloom for you, Shun.
SHUN: Sellon.
SELLON: It's hard to watch.
SELLON: There is no honour or beauty in this type of battle.
SHUN: [gasp]
SELLON: It was those qualities Shun that made
watching the Battle Brawlers fight, such a pleasure.
Now I fear those days are behind us for good.
SELLON: It would be hard to turn this runaway train around.
SELLON: But Shun...
SELLON: You have the strength to do this.
SHUN: Huh.
SELLON: If anyone can return order and respect
to the battle arena surely it's the Battle Brawlers.
After all don't forget it was them who created the game.
SHUN: Without Dan and Drago around, I'm not sure
what good the Brawlers would be.
SELLON: Who says you need them?
SHUN: [gasp]
SELLON: I've seen you stand shoulder to shoulder
with Dan Kuso in battle before, Shun.
What's to prevent you from taking over as leader of
the Battle Brawlers?
You most certainly have the skills to do so.
SHUN: Are you serious? Me as the leader of the Brawlers?
SELLON: Mmm-hmm.
You saw yourself how Drago lost control in there.
I know you would never allow that.
SHUN: You don't know anything.
SELLON: Actually, I know a lot about you.
SHUN: [grunt]
SELLON: I've been paying attention.
[\u266a]
BOY A: Whoa! Tristar's hurt!
SHUN: [gasp] SELLON: [gasp]
SHUN: Huh?
TRISTAR: [groan]
[panting]
MARUCHO: [groan] No Tristar. [gasp]
CALUM: Ooooh.
GERALD: Yeeaaaaaah!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: Bash Brothers! Bash Brothers!
SHUN: Marucho!
TAYLEAN: Tristar!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [roar of cheers]
SHUN: Hmmmph!
SHUN: [grunt] ...I'm here now. Hold on Marucho!
GERALD: Oh look. How cute.
His mommy's here to blow his nose!
GERALD: It's so sweet, I think I'm gonna be sick.
CALUM: Pay attention everyone, because you're
looking at this year's new League Champions!
ANUBIAS: Hah!
MARUCHO: I'm sorry, Shun.
TRISTAR: Don't worry. I'm ready to go back now.
TAYLEAN: Why are you guys fighting,
in a tournament battle?
SHUN: Yeah! What were you thinking pal?
MARUCHO: I thought we could show everyone that,
you don't need those BakuNanos to be a champion.
That you could still win battling the old fashioned way.
SHUN: Oh man.
CALUM: Who knew taking down a Brawler would be so easy?
GERALD: Now that we're working with these new BakuNanos.
We're totally untouchable.
SHUN: That's easy to say when it's two on one.
CALUM: You better watch your mouth there you old dinosaur.
SHUN: It's time you two learned some respect for others.
TAYLEAN: These two dinosaurs are going to
teach you a history lesson you'll never forget,
you arrogant punks!
TRISTAR: Nice one! I guess I'll take a breather.
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Thanks guys. Go, give 'em heck.
SHUN: Gate Card, set. Hah!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl! Hah!
SHUN: Bakugan stand!
SHUN: Let's go, Ventus Taylean.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Well this is interesting,
Shun and Taylean are making a surprise appearance.
CALUM: Not for long!
GERALD: Let's trash these dudes.
CALUM: Bakugan Brawl! GERALD: Bakugan Brawl!
CALUM: Bakugan Stand! GERALD: Bakugan Stand!
GERALD: Rise Pyrus Flash Ingram!
CALUM: Rise Darkus Flash Ingram!
CALUM: Ability activate!
CALUM: Thunder Breeze!
SHUN: Ability activate.
SHUN: Truth Core, Battle Bastion!
GERALD: Oh look, Calum. They left us an opening.
GERALD: Ability activate.
GERALD: Haste Fire!
TAYLEAN: Huh?
TAYLEAN: Oh no! [grunt, pain reax]
SHUN: Taylean!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [roar of approval]
TAYLEAN: That one really hurt.
CALUM: Now! Darkus Flash Ingram.
GERALD: You too, Pyrus Flash Ingram.
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain reax]
TAYLEAN: Aaaaaarrrrrrrgggggghhhhh!
[grunt, pain reax x 2]
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: These combo attacks are
becoming a Bash Brothers signature.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: These guys are fighting so
fiercely, it's like they're possessed!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Hyper Sword Storm!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmph! Haaaaah!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaah! Huuuuuaah!
GERALD: Not so fast!
SHUN: Watch out!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain reax]
TAYLEAN: Oooomph!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [mighty roar]
CALUM: That's right, Brawler.
You're no match for the power of the Bash Brothers.
TAYLEAN: Aarrgghh!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain reax]
GERALD: Sweet dude! I never get tired of those combo attacks.
CALUM: I know. They're the coolest.
GERALD: [laughter] CALUM: [laughter]
SHUN: Quiet.
CALUM: [gasp] Hmmmm? GERALD: [gasp] Hmmmm?
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Done Red Tokagemaru!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaah!
[\u266a]
GERALD: Oh snap!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Shooting Wind Dust Slash!
TAYLEAN: Here I come!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmph! Haaaaaah!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaah! Huuuuuaaah!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaah! Huuuuuah!
[\u266a]
GERALD: How did just one dude, do all that?
CALUM: Keep it together. It was a lucky shot.
Let's try this...
[\u266a]
CALUM/GERALD: BakuNano Shoxrox, Destroy!
TAYLEAN: [grunt] Hmmmph!
[\u266a]
TAYLEAN: [grunt, exertion reax] x 3
TAYLEAN: Whooooa!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Done Red Tokagemaru!
CALUM: Is that all you got?
GERALD: 'Cos it's not enough!
[\u266a]
SHUN: [grunt]
TAYLEAN: [grunt, exertion]
GERALD: [chuckle] Did you see the way we made him dance?
CALUM: These BakuNanos are the best thing to ever
happen to this game, dude.
SHUN: You have no idea what Battling is truly about!
CALUM: Sooooo? GERALD: Sooooo?
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Kazami-style, Shadow Alter Ego!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
CALUM: No way! GERALD: No way!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: It's been a while since
we've seen this ability used in battle.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: But it just might give
Shun the advantage he needs.
CALUM: Hah! I doubt it.
GERALD: Take 'em out!
[\u266a]
GERALD: Hold on. Which one is the real one, huh?
SHUN: Never underestimate a dinosaur. Gate Card, open.
SHUN: Ventus Saver!
[\u266a]
CALUM: Dude!
GERALD: The BakuNanos!
SHUN: Let's go! Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash, Rise Thunder!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
[\u266a]
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Unbelievable.
Shun has won it for the Brawlers.
Talk about a come back!
CALUM: How is that possible, when we were
both using BakuNanos?
SHUN: It's quite simple, actually.
SHUN: Might is useless when it has no heart to guide it!
GERALD: [gasp] CALUM: [gasp]
SHUN: And that is why the Battle Brawlers, reject
and condemn this new destructive style of battling.
SHUN: I know you think Dan and Drago signaled the
start of a new extreme style of brawling...
SHUN: ...but I'm here to tell you that as the new
leader of the Battle Brawlers, I, Shun Kazami...
SHUN: ...will do everything in my power to eradicate it!
MARUCHO: [gasp] New leader?
MARUCHO: [gasp] Huh?
[\u266a]
SELLON: Excellent. Just as I planned...
SELLON: ...Shun has fallen into my trap. [chuckles]
ANUBIAS: Hmmmph. That's one Brawler down.
Now for the next stage. Where are you Kuso?
[\u266a]
DAN: Remember this place pal? Huh?
DRAGO: How could I forget? New Vestroia is my home.
[\u266a]
DAN: Drago and I were
struggling to get control
over his new powers but no matter how much we
practiced in Bakugan Interspace we just
couldn't seem to get the hang of it.
So we figured that a change of scenery is what
we needed, and what better place than the home of all
Bakugan, New Vestroia!
DAN: Luckily we were surrounded by friends,
like our old pal Preyas, who were willing to help us out.
It wasn't long before Drago was back in action,
giving it everything he had.
DAN: You've gotta tune in and watch Drago let loose!
DAN: It's the only way he's ever gonna have
a chance of controlling things!
[\u266a]